[DOC] Add Community documentation (#579)
conda-incubator/conda-store: docusaurus-docs/community/maintenance/reviewer-guidelines.md

---

> description: Guidelines and tips for reviewing contributions to Nebari

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Guidelines and tips for reviewing contributions to conda-store
```

---

# Reviewer guidelines

## Who can be a reviewer?

Reviewing open pull requests (PRs) or other contributions helps move the project forward.
We encourage people outside the project to get involved as well; it’s a great way to get familiar with the project and
its development workflow.

## Communication guidelines

- Every PR, good or bad, is an act of generosity. Opening with a positive comment will help the author feel rewarded,
  and your subsequent remarks may be heard more openly. You may feel good also.
- Begin if possible with the large issues, so the author knows they’ve been understood.
  Resist the temptation to immediately go line by line, or to open with small pervasive issues.

> - You are the face of the project, and the Nebari project aims to be: open, empathetic, welcoming, friendly and patient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You are the face of the project, and the conda-store project aims to be open, empathetic, welcoming, friendly and patient.
```

  You can also consider mentioning or requesting a review from specific maintainers who are familiar with relevant parts of the codebase.
- If you are a subsequent reviewer on an already approved PR, please use the same review method as for a new PR
  (focus on the larger issues, resist the temptation to add only a few nitpicks).
  If you have commit rights and think no more review is needed, merge the PR.
- If the PR is missing tests or the tests have not been updated let the contributor know and add the `needs: tests ✅` label.
- If the PR fixes an issue, the PR must mention that issue in the PR body for example `gh-xyz`.

### For maintainers

Only maintainers can merge pull requests. Please follow these guidelines:

- Make sure all automated CI tests pass before merging a PR, and that the documentation builds without any errors.
- In case of merge conflicts, ask the PR submitter to rebase on `main`.
- Squashing commits or cleaning up commit messages of a PR that you consider too messy is OK.
  Remember to retain the original author’s name when doing this.
- When you want to reject a PR: if it’s very straightforward, you can close it and explain why. If it’s not,

>   then it’s a good idea to first explain why you think the PR is not suitable for inclusion in Nebari and then let a second committer comment or close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  then it’s a good idea first to explain why you think the PR is not suitable for inclusion in conda-store and then let a second committer comment or close.
```
